美国达科公司由两位电气工程教授Aelred Kurtenbach博士和Duane Sander先生创建于1968年，是集设计、制造、整合、安装、培训、内容创作、现场活动支持等运作于一体的整体集成商公司，总部位于美国南达科他州布鲁金斯市。自成立以来，公司稳健发展、财务状况良好，是美国纳斯达克股市中经营业绩出色的上市公司(DAKT)。
目前，达科公司已被美国权威咨询机构―斯坦福信息咨询公司(Stanford Resources)评为全世界最杰出的LED视频、图文和动画显示系统供应商。


招募信息
1
Marketing Intern C Creative Services Department
3D animation related work, artist colleagues, English working environment. If you like these, welcome to join our team!
 
Responsibilities:
1.       Assist digital artists with collection, translation, explanation and documentation of foreign animations.
2.       Assist Account Manager with daily E-mails, project documents and the coordination with artists in American Headquarter. (All in English)
3.       Assist with routine data sorting and project management.
4.       Assist with communication and maintenance of social networks of the Creative Service Department, e.g. YAMMER.
5.       Assist with communication with other departments in English.
 
Requirements:
1.       No major limit. Fluent in both oral and written English. Can communicate with native speakers.
2.       Interest in fashion and art is a plus.
3.       Outgoing, optimistic, and have a flexible mind.
Can work at least 3 days per week.
2
人事助理实习生
负责为达科亚太区人力资源团队日常工作提供支持，例如协助完成员工薪酬福利调研，员工招聘与培训支持，参与实习生培养计划及日常文书工作等。该工作对于今后有志于从事人力资源管理工作的同学是一个很好的机会，你将有机会获得招聘、薪酬福利、培训等多个HR模块的实践操作经验我们希望实习生能够保证每周三个工作日的出勤，且能保持6个月及以上的实习期，专业不限。

Job Duties: 
1.Assist with posting recruiting ads, pre-screening resumes, arranging interview and system entry; 
协助发布招聘广告,筛选简历,安排面试和系统录入; 
2.Assist with employees C&B issue，including salary surveys, market data collections, employee commercial insurance claims procedures, etc.; 
协助完成员工薪酬福利事宜，包括薪酬调研、市场数据收集、员工商业保险理赔手续等； 
3.Assist with student pipeline program, including monthly student workshops, campus recruit, student training and communications, etc; 
协助参与实习生培养计划相关事宜,包括每月实习生活动、校园招聘、实习生培训与沟通等； 
4.Assist with Interns’ salary calculation; 
协助计算实习生工资； 
5.Assist with employees’ leaves and OT management; 
协助管理员工请假和加班； 
6.Assist with contract renew; 
协助更新员工合同； 
7.Assist with file translation into both Chinese and English; 
协助相关文件的中英文翻译； 
8.Routine HR duties, including filing, data entry, scanning, paperwork etc; 
日常人力资源协助工作：包括文件存档、数据录入、扫描、一般文书工作等； 
9.Other duties assigned by the supervisor or the team. 
其他由主管或团队成员分配的任务。 

Requirements: 
1.Strong interest in Human Resources. No major limitation. 2017 graduates; 
2.At least 3 days on board a week and able to last for at least 6 months; 
3.Fluent English. Especially good translation skills; 
4.Master of MS office tools, including Excel, Word and PowerPoint; 
5.Good time management and organization skills; 
6.Strong sense of confidentiality. 
7.Eager to learn and self-motivated; 
8.Very responsible and detail-oriented; 
9.Able to finish the tasks on a timely manner with little supervision. 

Location: 
上海市普陀区祁连山南路未来岛高新技术产业园（地铁11号线祁连山路站） 

有意向的同学请将中英文简历直接投递至DakChinaHR@daktronics.com，主题中请注明“职位+姓名+何时毕业”
3
IT Helpdesk Intern
Department：IT
 
Job Duties:
1.Maintain computer and peripheral systems (desktops, laptops, mobile devices, VoIP phones, virtual desktops, printers) at Shanghai and remote offices for Daktronics’ employees and the manufacturing line.
为上海总部及其他地区分公司的计算机设备、产线及外部设备（如移动设备、虚拟台式机、打印机等）提供维护；
2.Provide first line troubleshooting for Daktronics employees and hands on support for extended IT team members for servers and switching by answering calls and resolving issues assigned via the internal ticket system.
协助其他IT团队成员工作，通过电话及内部IT日志系统，在第一时间为公司员工提供及时的故障排查；
3.Setup appropriate hardware devices while communicating to employees (our customers) pre/post-delivery and providing any additional support to make implementations a success.
根据公司要求为员工或客户安装合适的硬件设备，为客户提供交货前后的技术支持；
4.Troubleshoot issues and escalate as needed. 
根据主管要求协助故障排除、软件升级等工作；
5.Participate with IT Infrastructure to provide communication closet task work such as install racks, cable management, switches, routers, kvms and power peripherals.
协助通信设备维护及机房管理，如安装机架、电缆管理、交换机、路由器、KVMs和电力设备等；
6.Coordinate installation, rework and configuration with outside vendors and internal groups for down time in the facility.
协助外部供应商及同事及做好设备的安装、返修及故障排查工作；
7.Propose solutions, prepare plans, effectively implement, document and support.  Consistently complete quality work in a timely manner, inspects own work, and quickly learns new tasks.
协助解决方案、改进建议及相关文档支持工作，及时高效地完成任务，自我监督、自我检查并能很快接受新任务；
8.Work well independently, and effectively contribute to our team environment.  Follow and improve our structure and procedures for change management, engineering and other Corporate and team disciplines.
能够独立、高效地完成工作，关注公司总部及其他部门的政策更新与管理变革；
9.Perform other duties as assigned or needed to meet customer and department expectations.
完成安排的其他任务；
10.Computer and IT peripheral purchase and IT assets management.
IT设备的采购管理。
 
Requirements:
1.Bachelors or Masters in computer science and technology or related major, 2017 graduates;
2.Having hardware knowledge and experience, include HP server, HP/Dell workstation, Cisco Switch/Router, etc is preferred;
3.Having software knowledge and experience include, Windows XP/7 32bit/64bit, Office 2007, SAP business ONE, SQL2000, etc is preferred;
4.Maintain strict confidentiality concerning aspects of employees and company information;
5.Consistently complete quality work in a timely manner;
6.Strong self-motivation;
4
Office Coordinator Intern / Admin Intern
Job Duties:
1.Backup of receptionist when necessary, including answering phone, taking message, forwarding calls as necessary.
2.Buy office supplies and keep organized.
3.Pay electricity bill, phone bill and other general expenses.
4.Book air tickets and hotels, etc.
5.Assist in translating documents or contracts.
6.Document preparing and delivering.
7.Prepare documents and communicate with bureaus for VISA and other associated issues.
8.Other duties as assigned by supervisor.
 
Requirements:
1.Interest in Admin work. No major limitation. 2017 graduates.
2.Detail oriented with good organization and communication skills.
3.Humble and willing to learn.
4.Can work 3 days per week at least and last for 6 months.
 
Location:
上海市普陀区祁连山南路2891弄99号（近地铁11号线祁连山路站）
5
机械工程实习生
Department：Engineering
 
Job duties:
1.Build and test prototypes;
建立和测试模型；
2.Material testing & qualification;
材料测试；
3.Assist manufacturing and manufacturing engineering;
协助生产和制造工程；
4.Documentation as necessary;
必要的文件工作；
5.Other duties as necessary.
其他的必要的工作职责。
 
Qualities to look for in the candidate:
1.Training/classwork in Autocad and/or Pro-Engineer and/or Creo CAD softwares (nice to have, not required), 2017 graduates;
2.Good technical reading and writing in both English and Chinese and basic verbal English skills required;
3.Ability to learn and use tools (willingness to get their hands dirty to build or fix items);
4.Ability to think creatively to solve problems;
5.Ability to work as a team player;
6.Maintain strict confidentiality concerning aspects of employees and company information;
7.Professional and able to work with minimal supervision;
8.Strong self-motivation;
9.Able to work for 3 days a week and last for 6 months at least.
 
Location：
上海市普陀区未来岛高新技术产业园（地铁11号线祁连山路站）
 
Assist as necessary on design work using CAD software;
必要时使用CAD软件协助设计工作



<END>

责编丨黄怡

――――――――――――

