Click “东华大学国际文化交流学院” to join us！

Maggie

Hi, Iven! The room in the international student apartment is too small for me. I want to rent an apartment outside, do you have any suggestion?
Hi, Maggie! We have signed an agreement with the real estate agent ‘Room in Shanghai’. International students who are enrolled in DHU can enjoy the discounted renting services!
 
Iven

Maggie

Oh, really? Sounds great! Do they provide any apartments near the campus?
Yes, Gold Garden City! It’s located in Zhongshan Park area and close to metro stations and convenience stores. It takes 10 minutes by bike or 20 minutes by metro to get to Donghua University.
 
Iven

Maggie

That’s very convenient! How about the rooms?
There are separated bedrooms and shared living room and kitchen. The rooms are much bigger than the ones in international student apartment.
 
Iven

Maggie

That’s nice! But I’m worrying about the safety…
The reception is available 24 hours. They are in charge of the maintenance and repairing, including electricity, gas and hot water. They also handle the foreigner registration process.
 
Iven

Maggie

That’s great! I'm going to rent it with my friends! What should I do?
Quite easy, just contact 'Room in Shanghai' directly!
 
Iven
 

roominshanghai@163.com

13818515604/13248027651

www.roominshanghai.com
 
roominshanghaioffice

Gold Garden City
Address
1310 Ding Xi Road, Chang Ning District

Exterior

Lobby
Room Type
Suit room with 3 or 4 separated bedrooms

Shared living room

Separated bedrooms

←
Kitchen

Bathroom
→

Rental (Special Price for DHU students) 
Suit room with 4 separated bedrooms: 
CNY 4000/month/person 
Suit room with 3 separated bedrooms: 
CNY 4300/month/person 
* For long-term stay: at least 4 months
* One bedroom can only hold one person
* Rental excludes electricity, water, gas
International students who are enrolled in DHU can enjoy the discounted renting services. 
Facilities
Air-conditioner, Washing machine, Dryer, Oven, TV, DVD player, ADSL
Consultation
Mr. Iven, Office 111, International Cultural Exchange School

