
Click “东华大学国际文化交流学院” to join us！

Some students are curious about what psychological counseling is. You will have a better idea after reading this article.

A psychological counselor is not the one who will give you direct advices.
What the counselor does is to let you know more about yourself when you have problems, to support you and/ or help you change the way look at your behavior, or help you understand the way look the world. A psychological counselor can, of course, provide you with strategies of dealing with mental illness, such as depression or anxiety. With concern to your personal life decisions, they are like a facilitator.

Psychological counselors cannot prescribe medicine for you.
This is usually by a psychiatrist (being trained as a medical doctor) or family doctor. It is not a psychological counselor’s job.

You don't have to be diagnosed with mental illness before seeking for help.
A common misconception is: "you have to be "crazy" before receiving treatment." There are many reasons for people to do psychological counseling, which has very little connection with mental illness. Yet, even if you do have mental disorders, there is nothing to be ashamed of. It is just like you seek for help for any other physical illness, you only come to a psychological specialist for help.

Just doing counseling does not help you so much if you don’t get involved.
Psychological counseling is not simple as you go to the hospital to ask for help and get some medicines. It is not just sitting passively waiting for the results, we need cooperation. If the student has been ready and is willing to tell his/her stories, as well as the problems he/she wants to solve, the whole process will become more effective and collaboration.

Psychological counseling do not necessarily require long-term commitment.
The length and the frequency of the psychological counseling is very personal, it can be a one-time counseling, a several months’ counseling, or even longer. It is depending on what you are experiencing, and which goal you want to achieve.

When looking for a psychological counselor, the appropriate "compatibility" is the most important factor.
You can find the best qualified psychological counselor, but if you do not match each other very much, the counseling will not be so effective.  If you match with a counselor it means you feel being heard, understood, and respected.

Psychological counselors don't have all answers to all questions.
Sometimes people think counselors have special ability to see their inner world, but in fact they don't have that kind of power. They don't have magical skills which can instantly read your needs and mind, that’s why counseling should be done step by step.

Deciding to stop the counseling doesn't mean that you can't be back to counseling in the future.

Everything you tell a psychological counselor is confidential.


 
Counseling Center Contact Information
Email: cip.counsellor@dhu.edu.cn
Skype: cip.counselor


