暑期实习 | 戴尔、星巴克设计部、中智、宝洁，可转正哦！！
2016-03-28 东华就业
1

戴尔暑期财务实习申请方式！


2

星巴克设计部
职位描述
At Starbucks, we believe a coffeehouse should be a welcoming, inviting and familiar place for people to connect. The design of each of our stores plays a critical part on how we do so.
 
Store design partners at Starbucks design stores to reflect the unique character of the neighborhoods they serve. Not only this, we create and maintain sustainable building practices which contributes to our goal to reduce the impact our stores have on the environment. This commitment influences almost every aspect of how we approach design and construction, including landscape, building methods, materials, lighting and more.
 
To do this, Starbucks design studios are located around the globe so that our designers can fully understand the communities they serve. To learn more, visit us at http://www.starbucks.com/coffeehouse/store-design
 
We have a unique opportunity for a temporary Starbucks Design Intern to join our Shanghai Design Studio for a period of 3 C 4 months.
 
This temporary position will support the global concepts design team in the design process to create outstanding stores that uphold the Starbucks’ Customer Experience. The process is inclusive of all phases of design from schematic through construction documents and administration while honoring budget, schedule and operational requirements. Training and development will be provided to support the learning of the Intern.
 
Qualifications
§ Actively enrolled in an accredited Interior Design program
§ 3.5 minimum Overall GPA
§ Eligible to work in the China without Visa sponsorship
 
Preferred Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
§ Strong creative design skills
§ Physical model making skills
§ Ability to work both independently and as part of a team
§ Ability to balance multiple priorities and meet deadlines
§ CAD drafting using Revit, AutoCAD, Adobe Creative Suite, Rhino, 3D programs and Sketchup software preferred
§ Experience in the production of design development, hand drawing, sketching and construction drawings
 
Key Responsibilities of the Apprentice Includes:
§ Supporting the execution of bringing our design strategy to life.
§ Assist design team with the following production tasks throughout all design phases: preliminary space planning, construction document refinement, material selection and research, and finish schedule development
§ Prepare graphics and visual design presentations, including color boards.
§ Managing construction documents that are created by internal and external designers and consultants.
§ Participating in the architectural design process by reviewing and analyzing project documentation.
 
Additional Details
§ Location: Starbucks Shanghai Design Studio, 1009 Yi Shan RD, Shanghai China 200233
§ Please send CV, portfolio and samples of work

长按二维码
立即申请该职位


3

中智多岗位（可转正）
咨询助理实习生
小伙伴们，这不是一份普通的实习哦。大家在这份实习中不仅可以参与待开发的咨询项目建议书、投标文案的编写，还可以有机会与客户沟通汇报的结果进行方案修改。所以这就要求大家的实习经历和专业背景与这份实习工作匹配度要高一点哦，话不多说，赶紧看看自己是否符合下述条件吧，简历砸过来！

工作职责：
1. 搜集与整理行业数据及案例信息，并进行诊断分析;
2. 在项目经理及上级领导的指导下，进行阶段性咨询模块的报告编写，并根据与客户沟通汇报的结果进行方案修订;
3. 协助项目经理完成项目解决方案对客户实施培训与辅导工作;
4. 根据公司安排，参与新咨询项目的发掘、筛选、储备、跟进等工作;
5. 根据公司安排，参与待开发咨询项目的建议书、投标文件的编写;
6. 协助项目经理进行专项项目模块的知识提炼与总结;
7. 据公司安排，参与公司的知识管理与知识库建设工作;
8. 完成上级领导布置的其他工作任务。

任职资格：
1. 管理学、市场营销、经济学或人力资源管理相关专业硕士及以上学历或相关专业MBA学历；
2. 有咨询相关企业实习经验者优先；
3. 具备较强的分析与诊断能力、系统的管理理论与扎实的写作功底；
4. 具备良好的学习能力与学习意愿，善于创新和挑战，渴望成长和发展，可塑性强；能承受一定的工作压力；
5. 善于沟通，具备较强的演讲能力，形象气质好；
6. 熟练使用Office办公软件、WORD/PPT/EXCEL/VISIO。

我们的承诺：
中智现诚招优秀应届毕业生作为日后核心人才资源储备，并愿为在读学生提供实习机会，所有在本公司实习的学生都有导师带教指导，保证每个实习生能够在工作中学有所得。

中智为实习生提供的薪酬与福利：
1. 基本工资：100元/天；
2. 绩效奖金：根据考核结果由中心业务团队给予500-800元的奖金。

发展通道:
1. 专业路径：咨询助理―咨询顾问―高级咨询顾问―项目经理―项目总监；
2. 管理路径：咨询顾问―高级咨询顾问―咨询经理―咨询总监―地区执行总经理\事业部执行总经理。

行政助理
岗位职责： 
1. 执行文本档案的归档、登记工作，并定期进行统计及整理； 
2. 实施办公用品的采购、登记、核查工作，同时做好分发、调配、保管工作； 
3. 协调处理工作所需相关材料的整理及准备，如资料打印、复印、扫描等； 
4. 收发日常信件、快递及传真，接听和转接北京办事处的来电； 
5. 承办日常费用的交付工作，并做好帐目统计； 
6. 协助处理及协调日常接待、办公环境维护及绿化保养工作； 
7. 完成上级领导布置的其他工作任务。
任职资格： 
1. 男女不限，本科在读学生，每周可实习时间不少于3天，专业不限；
2. 具有良好的沟通表达能力； 
3. 普通话标准、口齿清晰，有较强沟通理解能力。
公司为实习生提供的薪酬与福利：100元/天
工作地点与上班时间：上海徐家汇，9:00-17:30(中午12:00-13:00为午休时间)

培训助理实习生
   大三或研一、研二
Requirements: 
1. Proficient in Word, Excel & Power Point 
2. Good oral & written English skills, CET-6 
3. Good communication & coordination skills 
4. Good teamwork 
5. Junior student and at least 3 days available per week 
Dreamweaver skill is preferred
Responsibilities:
1. Be responsible for daily administrative work 
2. Support on customer maintaining and channel development 
3. Document translation 
4. Support other daily routines
公司为实习生提供的薪酬与福利：100元/天
工作地点与上班时间：上海徐家汇，9:00-17:30(中午12:00-13:00为午休时间)

简历投递邮箱：intern@shstu.com；
简历&邮件标题请按一下方式命名：
岗位+姓名+学校+电话+专业+学历+每周可到岗几天+可到岗日期。
例：咨询助理+黄晓明+上海大学+135844XXXX+人力资源+5天+3月17日。
4

宝洁集团多岗位实习

提示：
宝洁每一年只能申请一次，所以如果2017届的同学这一次没有过网申，那么今年9月份的正式招聘就不可以在投递了，所以每个人需要慎重哦~


阅读 524赞 投诉