
Click "东华大学国际文化交流学院" to join us !
2016年3月，我校纺织学院6名硕士留学生顺利毕业，并取得了优异的成绩！他们在学习期间发表了高水平的学术论文，毕业论文答辩总体成绩高于中国学生的平均水平！让我们认识一下他们吧~
Six international students from College of Textile Science graduated recently with high evaluations from the professors. All of them performed excellently during their study. Let’s get to know them one by one. 

闻斯特
Mukwaya Vincent
(Uganda)
My name is Mukwaya Vincent, Chinese name is 闻斯特, from the pearl
of Africa, Uganda. I Joined DHU in the 2013/2014 academic year. I have so far published more than two SCI papers under the umbrella of the Textile Materials and Technology (TMT) Lab of Donghua University at the College of Textile Science. My area of specialty is nanocellulose isolation from biomass, it's properties and applications. During my masters tenure at DHU I was mentored by Prof Weidong Yu. I hope to continue my research in the TMT group during my PhD studies. 

宋海歌
Md. Sohag Miah
(Bangladesh)
I am Md. Sohag Miah, Bangladesh, I started my post-graduation in Textile Science and Engineering from Fall semester 2013. My research area was Fiber Reinforced Composites and I did my research works on Glass fiber, Kenaf fiber and Paper mat with polymer composites. I secured good scores in all the course works and carried appreciation from most of the teachers. I attended several international renowned conferences and made oral presentation successfully.
During my Master study I participated many campus based extracurricular organization activities such as iTalk, English Corner, International Students Association, Taekwondo and different sports. 
I recently achieved Outstanding International Student Scholarship, 2015-2016, from ICES, Donghua University.

陆汉生
S.M. Kamrul Hasan
(Bangladesh)
Like most students, I arrived at Donghua University (DHU) knowing that I would be surrounded with bright and quirky minds. Knowing that DHU would be my home for at least a few years where I came to grow. But in fact, DHU not only conserved my hopes but also exhilarated me with its vibrant and welcoming nature filled with social, cultural, sporting and recreation activities. The University grounds of DHU gave me the opportunity to tailor my student life according to my own taste. Explore, play and involvement in social and campus activities organized by DHU-ICES made my experience of study in china appealing and rewarding. On top of it, state of the art research facilities of DHU gave me enough flexibility in choosing my research topic and proper guidance of eminent professors helped me in completing my research work timely and efficiently. 

玛瓦
Md.Marwa Mohamed
(Sudan )
I am a Chinese Government Scholarship student, I started my post-graduation in Textile Science and Engineering on fall semester 2013. I secured good scores in all course works and carried appreciation from most of the teachers. I did my research works on Investigation of Frictional Property of Synthetic Fabrics used as Tunnel plugs and published my research works in conference. During my Master study I participated many activities. Recently, I achieved Outstanding International Student Scholarship, 2015-2016, from ICES Donghua University.

阿瓦得
Ahmed Awad
(Sudan)
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to my advisor, Professor Zhao Li (赵俐), for her help and guidance over the past years. I also profited from her wonderful personality. I thank Chinese government and Donghua University, for accepting me as a student and granting me scholarship to pursue my studies.  

梅莎
 Loraine Mesa
(Zimbabwe)
My name is Loraine Mesa (梅莎). I come form the beautiful country of Zimbabwe. I just graduated from Donghua University with a master in Textile Science and Engineering. I managed to publish a research paper in the Donghua University journal. My stay and study at this university has been wonderful. The environment, lab facilities and infrastructure are world class, and the help from the local staff and students has been nothing short of amazing. I will definitely miss this place.
祝贺毕业生们！祝愿他们未来的日子一帆风顺、前程似锦！
Congratulations to all the graduates. Wish them a great future.

